Talk and talk
I still want my wife to be here at the chairman’s meeting.
If I say, I will not agree.
If you agree, you will be able to do great things in the future.
The truth can be saved, but if you don’t agree,
Tomb Company’s military name leads to cheating,
You just have something.
Agree, Tomb Wanning will be the chairman of Tomb Family Company from now on.
I suddenly thought about it
After all, Lao Caijun, you have misunderstood the family's purpose.
This will require you to step down from your position as chairman.
So the position of chairman is not allowed.
Can you still use this net?
Let her be reinstated as chairman first
Not the chairman or anything?
I also don’t want to be willing to be my wife.
from now on
I accept your fate and found the wrong company for us.
Cheng Xue is not the director
If you had insisted just now
The chairman is facing
It’s Wan Ning
Although the old lady is willing to give up, she will not be alone for a short period of time.
But he is a netizen’s man after all
What's more, the workplace doesn't like you
If you really hold back the account, you will be a normal recaller.
It hurts so much
Mom, you still have a dad
How can I apologize?
Then how come you have been sick since you were born?
We need to make the old lady let the mayor and his ministers become ministers.
if it works on me
How could the old lady be willing to do this task?
Can you go to this toilet market?
Mom, Mr. Zhou Shuren once said
If a house still needs to open flash windows
The other party praises his belly in return
But if you advocate demolishing other houses
The other party was told to open the house on this floor.